hi guys today i'm going to recap a 2014
horror thriller film named jessica i
hope you will enjoy the video and please
hit like subscribe and comment down to
tell us how is a video
[Music]
the movie begins by showing jessica
lauren jessie and her boyfriend mark as
she is pregnant she is shifting to live
in her boyfriend's house and both of
them were very happy and excited about
it but soon their happiness turns into
mourning when a truck hits their car in
the accident jessie loses both her
boyfriend and child and she also gets
hurt very badly she was unable to walk
due to a serious fracture in her leg
according to the doctor even with proper
therapy jessie will still take two three
months to be able to walk again that's
why after being discharged from the
hospital jessie goes to live with her
father leon at his house now mother died
long ago due to cancer when she was a
child and after that her father had left
jessie with her aunt and that is why
there is no special good father-daughter
relationship between them now because
jesse has no option to go jessie goes to
live with her father under compulsion
now her father's house is at a very
remote place there's only a dense forest
all around and a lake next to the house
and the house is even scarier than that
jesse is given his mom's room on the
ground floor to live in which was never
used after her mom's death now one day
jessie finds a box in the same room with
her full name jessable written on it and
some videotapes inside it when she plays
the first video she learns that her
mother had recorded this tape for
jessie's 18th birthday when she was
seven months pregnant so that if she
does not live then jessable can know
that her mom loved her very much now in
that video her mother was reading the
tarot card for jessie but her every
prediction turns out to be wrong as
jessie will never leave her hometown and
she will always be around the water but
in reality there was nothing like this
jessie was sent out in childhood and she
does not even know how to swim but then
in further readings her mother tells
that she is not alone in that house and
there is someone else with her a woman
who wants her out of that house now just
then suddenly jesse's father comes there
and breaks the tape and gets very angry
at jessie for watching the tape he even
throws jesse's wheelchair in the water
so that jessie could not move freely
around the house now the same night
jesse sees a black man in her dream who
was performing a voodoo ritual after
jessie wakes up and she sees a woman in
the room with her on a wheelchair who
was slowly coming to her but when jesse
screams the woman disappears this
ghostly figure was looking quite
obsessed with the bracelet she was
wearing in her hand actually this
bracelet was the last sign of jessie's
mother which jessie had kept with her
for so many years now the next day
jesse's father brings her a wheelchair
that belonged to jessie's mom and also
apologizes to her for being so rude the
previous day when her dad leaves home
after breakfast jessie plays another
tape where her mother explains that she
discussed with her friend moses over the
last tara card reading from which it has
come to know that the two women who have
a presence in the house are both
jessable and one of them is a demon but
according to jesse's mother it can also
be her inner demon and if there is an
accident or death of someone close to
her then she should not blame herself
for that after this her mom once again
starts reading the tara card for jesse
bulb but this time her mom sees a
terrible death and she turns off the
camera getting upset now the next day a
nurse comes to take care of jessie who
was sent from the hospital she leaves
jesse in the bathtub and goes outside
and here jesse falls asleep in the
bathtub now after some time blood starts
coming in the water and the same ghost
is sitting in the bathtub in front of
jesse who keeps haunting jesse then and
again since coming to this house now
ghost attacks jessie and tries to kill
her but jesse's father comes they're at
the right time listening to her scream
but as soon as they come everything
becomes normal and jessie thinks she was
hallucinated by now now in anger jesse's
father drives the nurse out of the house
and finds the rest of the tapes and
takes them to burn jesse tries hard to
stop him buddy he doesn't listen to her
now his father's body catches fire while
burning the tapes and a supernatural
force closes the store from outside and
her father dies thereby burning and
because jessie was unable to walk she
could not do anything now at her dad's
funeral jessie meets her high school
boyfriend preston but then jesse again
sees the same black man who was staring
at her and jessie faints there now the
next day preston takes jessie out for
lunch to make her feel better where
jessie tells preston about her
nightmares and when she comes home she
shows him the tapes her father tried to
burn according to preston these tapes
are the reason for jesse's nightmare and
jesse should not watch these tapes now
at the same time
preston gets a call from his wife and he
leaves from there but at night jessie
can't stop herself and starts watching
the rest of the tapes because she
thought her mother had correctly
predicted her dad's death so she wanted
to know what else her mom had said in
the rest of the tapes in the first tape
his mom and dad are shown at the
christmas party who seem quite happy in
the second tape her mother comes crying
and says that she is already dead and
throws the camera now as soon as the
tapes are over the same supernatural
force starts to scare jessie and in the
meantime jessie gets another tape from
behind the wall now the next day preston
visits jessie at her house when jesse
and preston noticed some glittering
lights on the other side of the lake now
when both of them go to investigate the
thing they find a grave by the name of
jezebel along with many voodoo objects
in the forest now as soon as the grave
is duck a skeleton of the child is found
from the coffin after which they
immediately call the police and the
police take those bones for a dna test
now the next day preston and jessie
visit the house of ms davis who used to
cook at jessie's house before she was
born they came here so that they can get
to know something about that child but
ms davis catches jessie by her hair and
starts taking the name of moses this
moses is the same man who taught jesse's
mother to read tara cards now thinking
that maybe moses will be involved in all
this supernatural occurrence while
searching for whom they reaches voodoo
shrine in a ruined church where some
people come and hit preston and drive
them away now preston brings jessie home
and tells her that he is definitely
married but he still hasn't forgotten
jesse and he loves her for jessie's
safety preston asked her to pack her
belongings so that she can stay with his
mom as jessie is not safe in this house
at all now when jesse is packing ghost
attacks preston and when jesse comes out
looking for preston she finds preston
lying unconscious on the ground preston
is then sent to the hospital and jesse
learns from the police officer that the
child whose skeleton was found on the
side of the lake was an african black
girl who was killed after being born now
jesse understands that the one who keeps
haunting her in this houses none other
than the spirit of the same black girl
after the police leave she starts
calling the ghost alone in the house to
find out what she wants from jessie and
only then she sees the same last tape on
the table that she got from behind the
wall while playing the tape jesse sees a
white kitten and his mom at first it
seemed as if her mother would kill that
child but later her mother curses the
child with a voodoo doll and shoots
herself now after the tape is over
jesse's mother's spirit comes in front
of her and then jesse learns that the
baby was half african and half american
now when jesse's father comes to know
that kate was not pregnant with him but
that child was of moses then he kills
the child and his father moses he throws
that child in the lake and sets fire to
moses church and kills him there but
later the people of moses buried the
dead body of the child near the lake now
jessie understands that everything that
her mom told is true but for jess abel
not for jesse jesse will never went out
of this city always living near water
and also the prediction of her death now
after killing jezebel leon had adopted a
white child that is jessie to cover up
the murder kate and leon were never
jesse's real parents and that's why leon
didn't want jessie to see all those
tapes because they were not for her and
the unwanted presence that kate told in
those tapes was none other than jessie
and the black african man jesse had seen
in her dream performing a voodoo ritual
was jessica's father moses now after
this along with kate moses spirit also
comes there
and both tie jessie's hand to her
wheelchair and take her near the lake
and throw her in the water so that
jessable spirit is transferred to
jesse's body and their revenge may be
fulfilled now underwater we see that
jessable comes to jesse swimming and
takes her mother's bracelet from her
hand jesse dies in the water there and
jessable swims up while in jesse's form
which means jezebel's spirit was
transferred to jesse's body now preston
also comes there and jumps into the
water to save jessie and as soon as she
comes up she kisses preston and asks him
to take her home when the police officer
calls her miss warren she says with an
evil smile that her name is not miss
lauren or jessie but jessable and the
movie ends here thanks for watching
please do not forget to like comment and
subscribe
[Music]